Are you all right?
Sorry cold wind
Let you and Miss Xia make trouble like that
That's a problem between me and Xia Yiqiu
It has nothing to do with you.
When Xia Yiqiu left, he said he would give you a big surprise.
He's not going to cause trouble at our wedding, is he?
Don't worry, Xia Yiqiu is not that kind of person.
Although he looks tough
But very few do very spicy things
It seems that you still know him
Hello
It's me oh ok
I'll go back right away
Gee, I've got to go home.
Someone wants to buy a house
If the house is sold
The kids can stay here
I'll go with you.
Mr. Li, I am Xiao Zhou, the agent.
Please open the door
I am you
Li Fang, you didn't expect it, did you?
Look at Feng Ji's call, it's our kid who made the call.
Do you know each other?
What is knowing
This is my house, you have nothing to do here
Go away
Good Xiao Zhou
You can go back first, the house will be left with you, and the wheat will continue to be hung.
Don't hang up again
This is my bun.
If you dare again
When I go back to your house, I will live at your house
You shut up
Mr. Lin, I'll go first, and come to me when your assistant is done with the family affairs.
Excuse me.
Are you finished?
Can Li Feng really do it?
Kick us out and sell the house immediately
If you guessed correctly
Do you want to give money to this woman?
It's worse than pigs and dogs
We just lost your money, mister
Now you want to sell your house to raise this fox
I'll tell you what.
What can I do without me?
The house is mine
I can deal with it however I want.
Get the hell out of here
Don't be polite to me
What if you're welcome?
Don't you want to sell the house?
I'll see what you do.
How to smash the horse head
If you wait any longer, I'll be rude to you.